1. What is Semantic HTML? 
Semantic html(markup) introduces meaning to the web page
    2. What is HTML used for? 
HTML is used to create electronic documents or pages found on the web
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
Attributes define additional characteristics or properties of the element, and are ususally found in the opening tag in 
quotation marks.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
h1 tag is the header tag and should be used on once on a page.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
img tag and anchor tag
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
<link>
<title>
<meta>
    7. What is an id? 
ID attribute specifies a unique id for an HTML element 
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    all elements!
<html>
<meta>
<script>
<style>
<title>
<base>
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
one time
    10. What is a class? 
An attribute that specifies one or more class names for an HTML element
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
All elements
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
There is no limit
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
Inside the link if I set the target to _blank it with open the link in a new tab or page
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
The alt attribute is used to provide alternate information for an image if the user for some reason canno view the image.
    15. How do I reference an id?
A id selector is referenced with a #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    17. What is CSS used for? 
Used for describing the presentation of web pages includig color, layouts and fonts
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
An id can be used to identify one element, and a class can be used to identiy multiple elements
id is used when we have to apply css property to one attribute only
class selector is used to set the css property to a given class
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
We select classes in CSs with a (.)
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
.human p{}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
Is used to match all the elements whicha are child  of a specified element. It gives the relation between the two elements.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
.sidebar a{}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
A pseudo selector is used to define a special state of an element. It can be used to style certain elements
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
The line-height property
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
The letter-spacing property
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
text-transform: Uppercase, lowercase and capitalize
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
border: 1px black dotted
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
The universal selctor *{}
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
Use */ to make a comment in CSS
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
$ pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
$ dir
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
$ rmdir, you must be careful because you will not get any prompts when you are removing files and it will permanently remove the file
    34. Why should I use version control? 
Version control keeps track of changes, and keep every team member working off of the latest version
    35. How often should I commit to github?
you can commit every time you finish a step
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
git push -u origin branch-name
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
fork repo
add collaborator
clone your repo
use the git clone to clone to the directory
git checkout
**work on project**
git add
git commit -m "message"
git push -origin branch-name
in github open new pull request
add TL as a reviewer


Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
Inline element do not start a newline, block elements usually cause a line break to occur
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
It is taken out of the flow, it sits on its own layer seperate from everything else
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width?

    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 

